I am an AI / ML and a Full Stack Engineer with over 8 years of experience in designing, developing, and deploying scalable software solutions while leading development teams to reach their full potential. Beginning my career as a Junior Analyst in Fintech, I honed my skills in data analysis and software development while upholding my core values of innovation, collaboration, and excellence. These contributions earned me early recognition as an Innovation Lead for Credit Suisse. Since then, I have successfully navigated various endeavours, from delivering bespoke customer solutions to building enterprise-grade products and now architecting the next generation of AI-powered systems.

Based in the beautiful city of Hamburg, I am currently leading the AI initiative at <a href="https://www.repath.ai/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Repath</a> architecting cutting-edge AI-powered Climate Resilience solutions using FastMCP, LangChain and Google Cloud. My experience spans across Multi-Modal Multi-Agent and Autonomous AI Systems, while maintaining the security and scalability of the system with OAuth, E2E Encryption and Docker. 

Beyond the code, I am an avid traveller and road trip enthusiast, passionate about sports - especially Football and Formula 1. I love exploring new destinations and capturing the beauty of the world. I am also a dedicated foodie who enjoys trying diverse cuisines. 

I am committed to pushing the boundaries of AI to deliver transformative impact—whether by driving strategic business value or fostering meaningful societal change. I am always eager to collaborate on challenging projects that demand innovation and excellence. Let's join forces to shape the future of AI together!